---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

# Day 6: Sunday, September 29 2019
 Tried to upload code to Lily Tiny with Arduino IDE.
 Problem:

 *avrdude: Yikes!  Invalid device signature. Double check connections and try again, or use -F to override this check. An error occurred while uploading the sketch


 * Emailed Professor Klukowska about the problem.
 * Waiting for Response.


## Result:
* Number of times I pricked my finger with the needle and did not bleed: 0

* Number of times I pricked my finger with the needle and did bleed: 0


# Day 7: Monday, September 30 2019

 * Re-did project on a new sweater. 
 * Trying to a different material does anything.

 * Did the positive side today. 
 * Got a response from Professor Kluowska about solving my issue. 

## Result:
* Number of times I pricked my finger with the needle and did not bleed: 1

* Number of times I pricked my finger with the needle and did bleed: 0



# Day 8: Tuesday , October 1 2019

 * Finished the negative side today.
 * Project is working correctly except the white light.Accidently used the faulty white lights and the glow is very low. 

 * Tried solution for project. Did not ssolve my issue. 
 * Tried to search up possible solutions. Nothing worked.

## Result:
* Number of times I pricked my finger with the needle and did not bleed: 0

* Number of times I pricked my finger with the needle and did bleed: 0


# Day 9: Wednesday, October 2 2019
* Tried again to fix Arduino IDE. No solution yet. 


## Result:

* Number of times I pricked my finger with the needle and did not bleed: 0

* Number of times I pricked my finger with the needle and did bleed: 0
